Arthur:
Last week I worked on familiarising myself with unreal engine by watching tutorials and videos.
We had to change our game engine to godot so after that I worked on familiarising myself on Godot.
for next week, we are going to discuss tomorrow the exact individual work but I will work more precisely on trying to implement a 2D user friendly interface.

Antoine:
This week I worked on better understanding unreal engine, and now instead familiarising with Godot.
More importantly with the object team we designed our basic inheritance tree for our main objects in our world.
I did this though a prezi presentation, which we then changed to using the Lucid app, building our inheritance tree there.
For next week I want to understand how Godot works and enter in more detail the structure of our inheritance objects.

Saga:
Last week, I worked on a class map with the objects team, so as to visualize the classes that we were going to need for our project, especially the attributes they would have and the inheritance.
I also tried to understand and download unreal engine until we decided to switch to Godot, so I watched tutorials on how to work on Godot.
Finally I started writing the classes, but next week I will need to separate each one of them in different files, so that our game can work on Godot.
So, next week I will continue working on the objects classes.

Paloma:
This week I organized with the objects' team the main classes we need for the simulation, with their attributes and some functions, in a lucid chart tree and coded them
in a file with the basic structure we have for now.
After working on Unreal Engine, I switched to understaning how Godot works especially to link the 3D interface with C++ code using Virtual Studio and DLLs.
Next week, I want to finish defining our classes and game structure with both the objects' and simulation team to start coding in detail the Structures branch, where each
class represented in the interface will have to be defined in a separate file.

Luca:
This week, I worked on finding the most suitable game engine for our project by following tutorials to familiarise myself with different engines in order to understand how they work.
With the interface team, we finally opted for Godot. Now, I try to make it possible every mac user to use visual code studio with Godot.
Next week, I plan to start coding in c++ with Godot in order to implement various actions for the user interface.

Vincent:
