Saga:
This week i wrote functions to compute the probability that solar panels, wind turbines and double glazing are added on houses.
For that I had to reorganize the code for the housing class. The next few days I will fix some of the things that aren't working perfectly.

Anna:
This week I finished wheat section in agriculrural production class and wrote how pesticide/fertilizer prohibition law policies modify some properties of wheat.
Also I wrote a function in city which for each type of transport calculates probability that it will be added basing it on a model Eliott had written before in python. 
Next week I am planning to work on transport policies.

Samuel:
This week I included the functions of edit_text_files.cpp in the main loop of the game. I ran into several problems regarding these functions.
Mainly because of two issues: the differences in the godot string and the c++ string, and a problem in which godot cannot write into files,
because of libraries issues. This last problem is still unsolved for now and I will be working on this the coming week. Moreover, I managed to
retrieve all the attributes of the different buildings this week and am now defining our counters and indices based on this. I plan to finish
this the coming week.

Luca:
This week and during the holidays, I finished fixing the bugs for plotting pie charts and line charts in Godot. Now, they are working perfectly. Moreover, I have worked with the algorithm team so as to make my charts functional. 
In the next few days, I will continue to work with the algorithm team so as to display relevant data about the city with my charts.

Vincent:
In the past weeek I have mostly worked on generating the initial city and having the game start up correctly.
For the next week I will work on helping to coordinate everyone together so as to be able to round up the project, as well as finishing parts of the simulation and generation.

Paloma:
During the holidays and throughout this week I finished coding the goods factories and services class. I also implemented efficiency policies on coal power plants, 
policies prohibiting nuclear and coal plants and policies imposing maximum emissions or allowing subsidies to green factories. I helped the interface team displaying
the information of each type of building on the interface. I also created the icons needed in the game for each policy and coded the text messages as well as the links to trigger
the change in the classes concerned. This last week I am going to help finishing the implementation of all policies and check that they all run correctly. I will also help
with the last things other teams might need, concerning for example statistics and data.
